[Focus Mode] Images and content for the color scheme emulation article (#2937)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/accessibility/preferred-color-scheme-simulation.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Emulating dark or light mode using the Rendering tool

1. To open DevTools, right-click the webpage, and then select **Inspect**.  Or, press **Ctrl+Shift+I** (Windows, Linux) or **Command+Option+I** (macOS).  DevTools opens.

1. In DevTools, on the Activity Bar or on the Quick View, select the **Rendering** tab.  If that tab isn't visible, click the **More tools** (![More tools icon](./preferred-color-scheme-simulation-images/more-tools-icon.png)) button.

1. In the **Emulate CSS media feature prefers-color-scheme** dropdown list, select **prefers-color-scheme: dark** or **prefers-color-scheme: light**.
 
   The rendered webpage renders as if the user had selected dark or light mode in their operating system. The webpage uses the CSS that you have specified for that mode.

   ![Emulating dark or light mode using the Rendering tool](./preferred-color-scheme-simulation-images/css-elements-styles-qs-simulated-light-mode.png)

1. Modify your CSS and view the rendered result the same way as for any other web page.  See [Get started viewing and changing CSS](../css/index.md).

> 1. To restore the setting, in the **Rendering** tool, in the **Emulate CSS media feature prefers-color-scheme** dropdown list, select **No emulation**. Your own operating system for light or dark mode preference is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To restore the setting, in the **Rendering** tool, in the **Emulate CSS media feature prefers-color-scheme** dropdown list, select **No emulation**. Your own operating system's setting for light or dark mode is applied.
```
